morning guys so first item on the agenda
is a massage actually for me my parents
one of the gifts that they bought me for
Christmas was they gave me a gift
certificate to get a massage and so I
made sure we'll squeaky brakes I made
sure to book it before that was I knew I
was gonna need it right after I got back
from New York City and you know it got
wound tight so yeah now I am going to do
my get my massage get all nice and relax
before we head back into Tallahassee so
let's see if see if this can help sort
me out here's the place I've never been
here before
I've only gotten a couple of us about
massages in my life and but this I mean
my parents go to this place all the time
and apparently they rave about it so
yeah here goes nothing oh let me tell
you our long deep tissue is the greatest
way to relieve all that tension from
spending a week with your family and
then spending five days in New York City
so I'm feeling good I'm feeling really
good ready to just kind of roll keep
this mellow vibe rolling into going home
and you pretty much getting the best
night's sleep ever when I get home and
I'm now shaving finally we forgot the
razor in New York so I had to go
unshaved for a while you know so fresh
so clean clean
I actually just barely know just now
noticed I know because you're asking me
like did you find the razor my obviously
because the hair on my face so that's us
my mom and dad and Randy
there we go that's uh that's a wrap on
Tampa guys so tell you down yeah so
where do I go you're gonna go that way
now so all the all these kids are
running around the neighborhood and you
want to live in a neighborhood like this
one day right now I guess why what's
wrong with this one backed up traffic is
it was backed up for us for a little bit
but now it's not signed because there's
a rag on that side of the road so both
sides got logs because a Robert
I know like people
sometimes too busy sassy
it's still going and we've been driving
for like a good amount of time - and
it's still like
likewise as Kristen Simon breaks okay
now finally starting to thin out
our side I'm just dancing it was a
little home so bad
okay we're about to walk in the door
just in case you're the first time back
okay yay well Gopi that conclusion yes
yes yes okay had a very Merry Christmas
bet let's count 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11
12 13 packages of cookies wait you need
to pillow let's get the chewy Casey had
more fun with his I would how many
cookies is it because we I don't know
like we had gotten the whole ton of
like Oreos and Chips Ahoy for Christmas
and then sealed it in like a box like
that he wasn't supposed to open till we
got home and then unbeknownst to us he
got even more even more and then on top
of it been immigrant who did catering
with they got a rough day on everything
and he look great this shows up like
happy birthday guy coma boy with every
flavor of Oreo yeah literally chocolate
butter oh it don't you go suck dick
heads and tails berry ice cream cool men
like I didn't even know they made some
of these flavors yeah so you got all
these work oh no he got all these for
his birthday which was yesterday today
January 5th is good job yeah one more
you have one more yeah
today is January 5th is the day between
his birthday and my birthday oh my god
I'm really nervous isn't gonna work it's
gonna work
nope bye oh my god
we are tired and we are going to bed our
own bed again how nice is this
say goodnight